V9 Configuration documentation (#3278)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/V9-Config/TypeFinderSettings/index-v9.md

---
versionFrom: 9.0.0
meta.Title: "Umbraco Type Finder Settings"
meta.Description: "Information on the type finder settings section"
state: complete
verified-against: beta-3
update-links: true
---

# Type finder settings

> The type finder settings allow you to specify assemblies that accep load exceptions when they are type scanned, for multiple assemblies seperate them with a comma (`,`). To accept load exceptions for all assemblies use an asterisk (`*`), like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The type finder settings allow you to specify assemblies that accept load exceptions when they are type scanned, for multiple assemblies separate them with a comma (`,`). To accept load exceptions for all assemblies use an asterisk (`*`), like so:
```
